Change the db-engine calculator to a read only gsheet (#13974)
netdata/netdata: docs/store/change-metrics-storage.md

:::

Visit our [Google Sheet calculator](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1aRLZJGJk6fvQDktkCB44l-EFROJcUrwOLe8rBQcfpPE/edit?usp=sharing)

> to tune the data retention on your preferences. Experiment with the variables which are padded with yellow 

Reviewer: should we make it explicit that you need to "Make a copy" to tune the data retention on your preferences?

> Visit our [Google Sheet calculator](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1aRLZJGJk6fvQDktkCB44l-EFROJcUrwOLe8rBQcfpPE/edit?usp=sharing)
> to tune the data retention on your preferences, you need to make a copy of this Google Sheet to use it. Experiment with the variables
> which are padded with yellow to come up with the best settings for your use case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visit the [Google Sheet Calculator](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1aRLZJGJk6fvQDktkCB44l-EFROJcUrwOLe8rBQcfpPE/edit?usp=sharing) to customize data retention according to your preferences. To use it, you need to make a copy of this Google Sheet. Experiment with the variables highlighted in yellow to find the best settings for your use case.
```

Alternative wording
